During my 4 months of job as Process Associate , I came up with a self initiated project which the support and 
permission of Mr.Ravi Ranganathan , Allins WealthPro Private Limited, Founder and the Manager of Chennai Branch.
* Since its a retail insurance industry, agents would we sending details of insure (vehicle) to make new policy with repective insurance companies.
But, there exist a sever time and people constraint while doing this job.
Since, I am a lazy person, i tried to automate some of the process which they do.
* First, There had a double work, that after fininshing each project, they need to update it in the Telegram app for Agents verification, 
Google sheets for accouts verification, and finally in an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) for saving details of the policy , transaction and the respective files.
I had an idea to automate this workflow and i told my idea to the manager of the company, While discussing this , he said that they were have tried on building website 
of their company, but its not started yet and asked to take up this project .
Then , after constant googling (I doesnt had enough Python skills that time!) , got some ideas and started and completed my on ERP automation such that 
the data stored from the google sheet will be taken to excel and from excel it will be automatically updated to the ERP website which had 5 parts of work
First, it will search for URL in google
Second, it will login with the employee id and password
Third, It will fill the basic details page
Fouth, Verifiacation Page
Fifth , Closure Page.-- In this all the insurance back data file are also need to be uploaded.

Now the another problem arrised , 
What if I can fill every details of the insurance from Insurance PDF itself ?
    To do this i doesn't had enough python skills and the pdf format will be changing from Company to Company, so AI tools were needed to solce those problems.
AND
What if I could automate Insurance Underwriting itself ?
    Its easy to automate website but if the website wwith Captcha is tough to solve without OCR technology or Human Captcha solver, companies like 2Cpatcha, BypassCaptcha
    and many other companies or API are used to solve this during automation, but for those we need subscription, since its a non funded project, its not possible 
    to test with subscription, But with advanced training of model using ML algorithm or AI tools, i though to automate this workflow.
   
This is the problems, which knocked the interest of DataScience with in me.

NOTE:
  I have attached the code file of those codes but it will work only on the specific company website, since i left the company I doesnt have acces to it, and 
  thus the code file can't be runned.


